chore: descriptions (#272)
tailcallhq/tailcallhq.github.io: docs/grpc.md

---

> title: Implementing gRPC Services with Tailcall

Author: ```suggestion
title: GraphQL on gRPC
```

> description: "Explore gRPC guides with Tailcall. Learn how to implement and optimize gRPC services for high-performance APIs."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Explore gRPC guides with Tailcall. Learn how to integrate and onboard gRPC services on Tailcall for high-performance APIs."
```
